So this time there was a solution and the solution is
B and here's the reason which is more subtle.
Our mean squared error is actually
a quadratic function and quadratic functions have a minimum at the point in the middle.
Over here, we can see that the error for line A would be around here,
the error for line C would be around here,
and the one for line B would be somewhere around here.
So we can see that the minimum mean square error is given by line B.
Here's a diagram of the errors and you can check with your eyes
or even drawing a small example and calculating the areas;
that line B would be giving you the smallest mean square error.